hi it's Caroline today I want to take
you through my ankle foot and chin
warm-up video this is great if you're a
dancer a runner or if you just want
stronger feet and ankles so when you're
ready to get started to bring your feet
to parallel and extend your arms up roll
your shoulders down and back and then
just pick up your right toes put them
down and left good so we're just going
to move through this right left it's
like a prince
March point the toe and shift your
weight side to side keep your shoulders
down and back and your posture nice and
poised for more good three tummy in two
and one good bring the heels together in
the toes apart keep your heels together
zipper up your lower belly lift to the
toes bend the knees put the heels down
stretch the leg again lift to the toes
bend the knees heels down and up you'll
feel stretch lift in the Achilles in the
calves and up and also trains balance so
lift and Bend
keep those heels together heels down and
up one more this way lift up keep that
posture bent heels down and up let's go
the other direction so bend shield up
keep them together extend balance and
down again bend the knees heels off the
floor straighten the legs squeeze the
glutes heels down just three more Bend
you can see how this is beneficial
extend to warm up the feet and ankles
two more Bend heels together lift it up
oh you're getting bonus but work to bend
and heels and lift and lower let's just
do one more then lift it up
extent and down return the feet to
parallel you can take your hands to your
head sports send them to the side lift
your right foot up from here point flex
the foot and point the foot good let's
do that ten times so two three try to
bring the foot in front of you so you're
getting bonus balance and but good that
nice and tall five more work through the
foot three two stand tall
now hold circle around just ten times
feeling your balance work you should
also feel that supporting leg good
you've got five more circles get that
ankle around three to reverse circles
ten good think of your abs in the air
pull them up four five I feel my ankle
working seven eight you got it nine ten
beautiful put this foot down shake it up
we go to the other side so lift up other
foot in front find your posture point
flex
so ten of each if it helps you you can
put on your favorite music in the
background while you do this physical
therapy video your favorite song can
definitely help you do the work you need
to and feel healthy happy and strong
good let's just do two more
all right good point the foot circle one
way so 10 of each trying to find your
balance train that standing leg you got
it you're almost there
Oh feel it four three two switch
directions it's ten nine the thing comes
not as strong for me that's okay that's
why I'm doing this work good six seven
eight nine ten bring the feet together
now I like to take this into a first
position you're going to come on the
ball the foot point the toe down and
he'll switch sides ball toe ball
good so working through the foot
allowing it to stretch getting yourself
to articulate all the way through that
ball point ball heel and just kind of
warming up the feet ankles shins such a
great exercise to do definitely ballet
and Pilates based physical therapy type
movement good let's do three more whoo
and two last one from here I just want
you to bring your feet in two parallel
cross one foot over the other so you're
kind of like a little bit of a bird leg
legs you're just gonna bend and feel a
stretch in the front of that foot think
of your posture here pulling your ABS up
good and let's switch sides so cross
over find your balance hold on to a wall
if you need to and Bend whew feel it
there good bring it back to Center
and I just want you to bring the feet to
parallel then the knees stretch the
calves keep the heels on the ground lift
it up beautiful do that again bent and
let try not to let the arches cave in
so keep the arches lifted and up two
more Bend and up last one Bend and you
are all warm and ready to rock and roll
this was my ankle foot engine warm-up
video and it can be used at any time to
train your feet for a happy and healthy
life if you liked this video hit like
subscribe to my channel and share it
with all of your friends and for more
health and happiness check me out on
line at Caroline Jordan fitness com